foreign
s welcome to episode 5 of the cro
confidential podcast series uh I'm Sam
blonde your host we have an incredible
guest today I'm so happy to Welcome to
the Pod dini Metta who is most recently
cro at lattice where she spent the last
four plus years scaling the business
from something like 30 employees in
single digit millions of dollars of ARR
all the way to several billion dollar
valuation hundreds of millions of
dollars of ARR
um and prior to that incredible
experience as well that we'll talk about
uh as part of the Pod today but deeney
welcome and so happy to have you
thank you Sam super excited to be here
pumped to share very cool
well let's Jump Right In we're going to
spend uh the entire time today talking
about sales leadership and specifically
uh making the right sales leadership
higher uh and one thing that is
counter-intuitive in this environment of
layoffs and slowed hiring is that I'm
actually seeing more companies looking
for a sales leader um and there can be a
number of reasons for this uh one is
that 2020 and 2021 a lot of new
companies were formed those companies
are probably starting to find some
product Market fit looking for a sales
leader I'm I'm hearing about companies
where the first sales leader didn't
totally work out and so they're looking
for their next one folks like you and I
have moved on from our companies we need
to be replaced as sales leaders and so
again despite this environment of
layoffs and uh slowed hiring this sales
leader hire is one that I'm actually
hearing more and that's a little bit
counter-intuitive
um the number 1 topic that Founders
discuss with me is how do I find the
right sales leadership higher the number
one topic that folks that are in sales
whether it's sdrs AES sales managers
when they meet with me the number one
topic that they bring up is how do I get
in your shoes how do I become a cro and
so today you and I are going to go deep
on both of these angles uh sort of like
the founder perspective what to look for
in a sales leader and also the sales rep
perspective how to become that person
um Danny you and I have sort of unique
experiences cros where we also do a lot
of Angel Investing I'm of course now
full-time investing at Founders fund
um I know you've worked with countless
companies that have gone through this
process of hiring a sales leader let's
maybe start with what are some of the
common pitfalls that you've seen uh
Founders make in terms of hiring a sales
leader that have unfortunately set them
back a bit
yeah I know it's it's it's such a timely
topic and you're so right it feels like
the activity on the leadership front uh
around hiring sales leaders is actually
heating up despite the the macro
environment today
um see there's a couple things that I
see uh Founders in companies
consistently miss when they're looking
to hire either their first sales leader
or a you know a follow-up sales leader
because you know folks like you and I
have left
um one of the one of the most common
ones is just solely pattern matching
logos on resumes I mean I see this all
the time where you know the founders
they're they they want to hire
um that that rock star VP of sales at
this you know big company ABC it's got
this shiny logo and you aspire to become
that company
um or you may be competing against that
company as a startup right so you want
to become that in 10 years
and you think hiring from that pers
hiring from that company makes would is
is sort of you know makes a lot of sense
because you're like they understand the
market they've done this before they've
been successful let me just hire them in
my company which is a completely
different stage of build out
um and it'll just work out and so
um I think overweighting uh logos on
resumes and sort of purely going off of
pattern matching versus being clear
around your success criteria in 12
months from now 24 months from now what
does success look like if you found the
right hire and then how do you design
the right competencies and the right
evaluation process around those
must-haves because if you're not
intentional about it it's easy for
buyers to seep in it's easy to sort of
go with a gut feel and just you know let
me look at this sort of you know
aspirational company and hire for it and
sometimes it may work out you know if
you've got the right person that is that
have been those companies and are ready
to take on the challenge of
building out the org in your in your
company so I think stage matters but not
solely going off of logos and resumes is
one that one that I see Founders
consistently make
it's it's really smart and similar to
what comes to mind for me or at least my
experience in uh the the missteps that
I've seen Founders make here to
reinforce a bit I I would categorize uh
the things that I've observed in really
two categories that the first one being
the bigger and that's around profile and
this is reinforcing a lot of what you
just said deeney which is
um I have seen folks hire from companies
that are too big uh and I've seen a lot
of mental gymnastics around this also
where somebody
um tries to justify it with like well
they join zindesk when zendesk was 100
million in ARR so it wasn't like that
big and you know they hired them at less
than a million dollars of ARR and it is
still a radically different business at
100 million than than yours today at one
the other thing that I've heard again
around this like mental gymnastics
concept is uh yeah but it was sort of
like a startup within a big company you
know like um it wasn't an acquisition
because those actually those actually
are okay
um but it's like you know Salesforce
started this new business unit and this
person was sort of in charge of the
business unit so it's basically a
startup but that you know they were they
were at Salesforce like no like just
don't do it
um and so on the profile side number one
is going to hiring too big of a company
um the the second thing on the profile
side is uh solving for domain experience
and um you know it's like I I again I
hear um not not excuses but
justification around this it's like uh
selling you know property tax or selling
into real estate is different or selling
into Healthcare it's just different
um selling into developers it's
different and so you know for us we
really need a leader who understands
this space understands the buyer comes
with a Rolodex of uh companies that
they're selling into and like that is
the wrong uh thing to solve for there
are only so many really amazing sales
leaders that exist to begin with and if
you limit your candidate population to a
very small domain like let's just say
property Tech or something like that how
many unbelievable property tax sales
leaders are there it's just like so you
you ultimately end up sacrificing on
higher quality for this concept of
domain experience that's just so easy to
pick up and I know you've you've been in
a number of different spaces and clearly
been unbelievably successful and you
know I've done electronic signature uh
HR benefits Administration software and
financial software with brex and so like
uh good people pick this stuff up
um and then the third thing on the
profile side that I've seen folks
mistake make a mistake on is this like
perennial VP of sales where they have
maybe some startup experience but
companies like nobody's ever really
heard of uh and so like they've tried it
a couple two three times none of the
companies have done super well you
really want somebody who has seen what
great looks like at an early stage
um and then the last thing that is
different from the profile that I've
seen folks make a mistake on is the
timing and it's generally it can be
hiring the sales leader too late but
it's generally hiring too early uh last
week we had Matt plank on and Matt blank
is the head of Revenue at Rippling and
he was actually the first sales hire
that Parker made and of course like that
that is an exception to the rule that
worked and Parker and Matt knew each
other incredibly well so do not follow
that unless you have a lot of confidence
and have worked with the sales leader in
the past I'd say like the the
um more common path here is hire a
couple individual contributors make them
successful then hire a sales leader to
scale the team so I have I have seen
folks make a mistake on the timing as
well
um passing it back to you just away from
the common pitfalls
um just general guidance like what do
you advise Founders when they come to
you on what to look for in a sales
leader and how to approach making this
higher yeah I mean I think one of the
things to start with I think one of the
things the mistakes are on the flip side
is making sure that you're clear in
terms of what does success look like
what does failure look like 12 months
from now 24 months from now and I do
that when I'm evaluating companies and
working with Founders I want to ask them
like what do you expect out of this role
what do you expect out of this person
not just in terms of the revenue
generation that you want this person to
to do but also the company building
aspect of it being a startup exec isn't
just about being a sales leader you have
to be a general company leader you have
to think about uh the limited resources
and bandwidth that you have in front of
you and it's important to make sure that
there's strong alignment between the
founder and the revenue leader because
it's such a core partnership and so I'll
say number one start with the clear list
of must-haves that match back to your
success criteria six months 12 months 24
months depending on the stage of the
business earlier on I mean you would
you'd say you know 60 days from now what
do you expect to see 90 days what are
you because in you know at that at that
earlier stage things move faster later
stage it's six months 12 months and so
start with that success criteria
um and I think one of the things that
you said around the domain expertise is
is people get so locked in on you know I
just want property tax or health Tech
and you lose the opportunity around
Innovation because if you've done
something a few times over and it's true
for me when I'm in a new industry partly
because I just don't know and the
ignorance forces me to think outside the
box get creative and rethink The
Playbook and so I think the other
addition to it is also starting Broad in
terms of
um
experience and domain expertise but
getting narrow in terms of what you want
from the role and the fit at your
company
um and of course it's going to depend
based on the stage of the business the
maturity of the business and there's two
categories one is the functional fit
like what are the must-haves before you
kick off the search
deal sizes I mean if you are an SMB
business hiring for someone that's done
multi-million dollar deals at Great
startups it's going to be a huge
adjustment can it be done sure but
that's not the most natural path uh and
so deal sizes is a key lover
Persona to some extent not that you know
you can pick up different Industries and
personas but having the awareness to
learn a new industry and Persona and do
have the ability uh to to really
understand what are the nuances in that
specific Market in industry and applying
that to your go to market Playbook
um evaluating for that is important and
in the level like are you open to a
first-time VP of sales someone that's
seen it seen the journey from the early
early Millions to hundreds of millions
but they weren't in the seat they were
close to the seat they were the second
in command or third in command
um and so is that level the one you want
or is it you know I would say early on
that is a great profile to hire for
um versus someone that's been there done
that where you're ready to really start
scaling and so one the functional
must-haves are critical the success
criteria around it and then the second
piece which is another trap that I see a
lot of a lot of Founders and revenue
leaders take on when they're picking
their next adventure is not spending
enough time up front in in thinking
about the right values fit so you talk
about the functional fit like what the
business needs and is this the right
person but there is an operating style a
leadership philosophy uh that a lot of
Revenue leaders and Founders don't spend
time thinking about because they're like
oh we'll figure it out and sometimes you
do but your company and your leadership
team is unique what you need how you
make decisions the pace at which you
like to execute your level of urgency
um I think how you hire people how you
performance manage folks those are
things that a lot of people
um find out after the fact once you've
hired and you're in the trenches and you
can't solve for all of it but I'm a huge
fan of you know spending two to three
dinners just learning about each other
as people and how do we react to stress
how do we think about how do we make
think about making high stress high
stakes decisions so I'd say those are
two two categories functional fit
must-haves and then think through your
operating style and is that a match
uh I I so much Insight included in that
answer in a number of different
directions we could go
um as I'm sitting here listening to you
I'm learning a lot uh you're you're uh
we're very complimentary to one another
I think you you are much more process
oriented than I am and so your your
answer there um is a lot around uh
process which I think is is so
interesting and again sort of
complimentary to where my mind goes you
talked about these success criteria that
you want to Define that are sort of like
six months out 12 months out and it's
it's I'm sure not one size fits all but
do some things come to mind in terms of
what those success criteria might look
like is it like Revenue targets is it
prioritizing the needs of the business
at that time maybe just go one layer
deeper in terms of how to define and
structure these success criteria yeah I
mean I think it again depends on the
business and the business strategy it's
also forcing function for Founders you
know that are typically running hard at
and startups are you solve One Challenge
there's another one popping up and so
it's it this is a forcing function to
think about okay over the next 24 months
what does Excellence look like in my go
to market we have a new product
launching and so I need someone to turn
us from a single Product Company to a
multi-product platform and so that is
going to require someone to think
outside the box hire for new roles or
we've got strong product Market fit now
it's all about scaling we know we know
what we need to do and so this person
needs to recruit on board and scale the
whole operation where every cohort of
hires that you're making is is 20
incrementally better
um the first 90 days is can you lay the
foundation for the strong culture that
can scale to hundreds of employees and
hundreds of millions of dollars and so I
think that is those are the types of
things that I want Founders to give me
specifics around because the revenue
Target is one piece of it and and in
some ways that is the easier thing it's
the what like what are we trying to do
is yes close revenue and scale fast but
the how we get to it is a product as a
team is it GEOS like we need to go
International we need to segment and
become regionally organized we've got
this wild west wild wild west set up and
now how do we get to a more sustainable
scalable uh segmentation so those are
things they don't need to have the
answers but they need to know what are
the biggest problems and what they hope
to hope to see from this Revenue leader
because I think it just it helps with
expectation setting it helps with that
early alignment and focus I mean you
know selfishness for me it's helpful to
see okay here's the things I need to get
done in the next 90 to 6 90 days to 180
days and so what can what are the moves
how do I prioritize my time and my
effort
it it's so smart
um I'll try and compliment your answer
uh you you talked a lot about process
and I think the the sort of like
implementation or manifestation of some
of your comments is around
um the structure of how you interview
the things that you're solving for or
what they're they're 30 60 90 day uh
plan or the full year plan looks like
like where they're focused focused what
you're optimizing for I'll try and
compliment your answer a little bit with
the the who like the the profile of the
person and how to Source these
candidates
um and if I were a startup founder today
um anywhere from something like one
million in ARR or even less than that to
uh let's call it 30 or 40 million in ARR
the way that I would uh Source
candidates is I would I would take a
spreadsheet and I would plug in
um the top 10 performing startup
companies over the last let's call it
five to seven years
um and on that spreadsheet are going to
be companies like our former businesses
uh Rex and lattice it's going to be
businesses like some of the other
podcast guests there's going to be
Rippling there's going to be gong
there's going to be Divi there's going
to be uh other incredibly successful
businesses like flexsport and deal
um and more and so you just take like 10
of these businesses within each of these
businesses there are going to be three
to five sales leaders that started as
early sales reps and just crushed it and
grew with the business
um and this is similar to the type of
experience that you had at drawbridge
that I had at Echo sign and um you know
to take again some of these podcast
guests zinfits alone produced as
starting as AES the head of Revenue at
Rippling the head of Revenue at gong the
head of Revenue at Modern Health the
former head of Revenue at trip actions
like all of these came out of zenovitz
alone and the same will be true for each
of these you know several billion dollar
evaluation businesses that have
experienced hyper growth
um and so you know you take 10 companies
you find out who the three to five folks
that are in this category are that are
now sort of like director maybe VP of
sales but certainly not like the the
head of sales there and you've just got
30 to 50 candidates if none of those
work out do the next 10 best companies
um but I think that is sort of the
profile that I would solve for and how I
would Source you know between the top 20
companies you just got 60 to 100
candidates right there
um and again like reinforcing some of
what you talked about the things I would
solve for which is a little bit of the
opposite of what I said last time uh
around a pitfall mistakes startup
experience is a must-have
you have to have somebody who has seen
early stage ballpark deal size something
that you mentioned also uh you want
somebody who has seen sort of a similar
sales motion whether it be transactional
or Enterprise depending on the segment
that you're playing in and then
um again just sort of like table Stakes
here is just crushed it in terms of
performance and fast promotion path
um if you see somebody who started early
at an incredibly successful company and
they've had five promotions that are now
managing managers uh within this
successful business that they started at
at a very early stage they've done well
they've been at the top of the
leaderboard and
um I have seen I'm not aware of a single
Miss I've seen tons of Misses on we
hired from a big company I haven't seen
a single Miss where we hired from the
hottest Tech startup of the sort of last
generation we hired somebody that grew
their career there to come in and Lead
sales for us and I think you're really
really mitigating risk at least with
sort of like a
candidate profile and sourcing
standpoint if you take that approach
um we've spent a fair amount of time
from the sort of Founders perspective uh
sourcing candidates those sorts of
things one thing that I think would be
really interesting is to talk about I'm
sure as a cro you've had a number of
folks that have met with you sdrs sales
managers uh uh AES saying what do I need
to do to be in your shoes how do I
become the next cro of the next lattice
um and I think it would be helpful maybe
just to start with talking through your
personal experience I referenced uh your
your time at drawbridge but I'd love to
just understand that your journey in
your career how you got to where you are
and then we'll evolve that into uh the
advice that you provide to others
absolutely
um yeah happy to walk through my story
which is somewhat unconventional in in
how I got here
um I wasn't someone who knew early on
that I wanted to be in sales or even
Tech I'm originally from India born and
raised there I moved to the US for
college so I'm an immigrant my parents
sent me here with the hopes that I'd
become a doctor or an engineer but
unfortunately neither was neither of
those options were in the cards for me
and so I imagine they're proud yes now
they are yes it took them a while
um but you know moved out west and I was
lucky enough to fall into attack and my
first few jobs were generalists go to
market roles so I got to do a lot of
rules except for sales I did uh I did
account management I did Business
Development I did customer success I did
operations and so I tried my hand at a
lot of different roles within go to
market but I shied away from taking on
sales because I had this negative
impression in my brain of what it meant
to be in sales which I know a lot of
folks
um that that you know a lot of
successful sales folks that have
eventually given it a chance had this
coming in uh where I thought it was
about pressure tactics and forcing
people to buy stuff they didn't want uh
but eventually notice that
there's something really amazing about
sales it's objective it's data driven
you can earn your autonomy you can earn
there's a ton of monetary upside and you
can accelerate your career faster than
any of the other roles because it's so
objective and it's so data driven you
can't you can't argue data and so jumped
into it I got my first sales role that
company called quantcast where I was in
AE I did everything from prospecting it
was a full cycle AE role we didn't have
this was I'm gonna date myself but there
were no sdrs bdrs then you did your own
prospecting and you closed your own
deals and if you didn't Prospect you
didn't close deals it was all outbound
um and I'm I'm so glad I had that
experience and it was hard the first
eight months and very quickly I realized
that while the barrier to entry and
sales is low to be great you have to be
really good and so I worked at it for 12
months and consistently was at top of
the leaderboard
um and at that point I was like this is
the job for me for the rest of my my
life and at some point it shifted for me
where I realized I enjoyed helping
others in my team close deals like I was
Finding higher gratification when
someone else closed a deal that I helped
versus when I closed my own deal that's
when I knew it was time for me to try
management and so got my first shot at
Frontline management at podcast I did
that for a bit and then I wanted to see
if I could build a go to market engine
from scratch like if I had a blank slate
could I apply the learnings that I had
gotten as part of this team at montcast
and so I went to drawbridge where I had
the privilege of scaling that go to
market from the early days I was there
for five and a half years uh we we were
past 100 million so I've done the zero
to 100 plus a few times
um and I did a lot of growing up as a
leader learned learned a ton about
scaling myself scaling the team scaling
the organization and loved it
um and then at the end of that
experience I realized that I wanted to
I wanted to be at a company that valued
people and culture and growth as much as
I did like I love winning but I also
care deeply about doing it in a
sustainable fashion uh and building a
culture where people can Thrive and so I
wanted to help reimagine like can you
reimagine the sales work where a younger
me would have thrived would have loved
it and so that's what took me to lattice
and I joined you know we were 800
customers single digit in Revenue 30
folks in 2018 and and you know had a had
an amazing four plus year ride where I
got to see all the different phases got
to launch new offices new products uh
new teams and and just was such a blast
doing it
it's uh an incredible story
um one shout out I think we both have
some roots to Kansas City it's where I
grew up I know you you spent some time
there nearby uh otherwise known as the
Paris of the Plains
um and both both sort of fortunately
moved out west you've now uh seen the
journey from very early days of Revenue
to over 100 million twice
um very few people can say that they've
done that and as you were talking what
was going through my mind is there
really aren't any shortcuts
um you were at quantcast for uh over two
years I don't know the exact timeline
you were at drawbridge for five plus
years you were at uh in most recently
um lattice for five plus years where you
you had your first cro opportunity and
it just you you can't really skip steps
it takes time to learn each of the
different roles starting with you know
SDR you started as AE but you didn't
have sdrs and so you you functionally
were both
um and so it's important as a
um future sales leader to really learn
the SDR role the account executive role
the sales manager role the sales
director role
um uh to sort of qualify and improve
your probability of being successful and
so to that end
um I love your personal story uh let's
jump into what you tell folks when they
come to you and say deeney uh I want to
be the next cro of the next lattice what
do I need to do to get there yeah I mean
that is the number one question I get
any welcome onboarding conversation I'll
have with new folks coming in they're
like what do I do to be in your seat
um and in some ways I'm not the best
person to ask that question because I
didn't know early on that I wanted to be
in sales leadership or even a cro or
even in Tech and so
um if and and so if you are someone that
doesn't know what your path is going to
look like you're starting out in sale do
you like the job but you don't know
where that's going to take you that's
okay I was in your seat and
not knowing my path or what I wanted to
do when I grew up
forced me to develop a deep awareness
around my skills and my interests so as
I took on new roles I would I would view
my journey in an 18-month increments and
I got to this because I had so much
anxiety because I thought I was the only
one who didn't know what I wanted to do
well everybody around me all the other
top performers knew they wanted to be
you know they want to be CEO they wanted
to be cro and I was here I was like I
don't know what I want to do next and so
just for my own mental sanity I said you
know what I'm going to look at 18 months
burps increments of saying how how can I
do more of the thing that gives me
energy and continue to get really great
at the thing I'm uniquely good at and so
how do I work on my strengths and how do
I work on things that give me more
energy and I just take a more learning
mindset to it versus you know here's the
map that's going to get me to this end
phase and that really helped out and I
even today I do that every 18 months I
look at the body of work that I've got
gotten the privilege to touch and I say
okay what am I enjoying what is sort of
draining and am I spending 70 80 percent
of my time on the thing that I love
doing I'm good at and it gives me energy
and so to folks uh and of course if
you're someone who knows for sure that
Yep this is the path and at some point I
knew
um and at that point I'd say spend time
with folks that are in that seat to get
exposure to what is the role of a cro
look like and then spend time people and
you know their path getting to it
because there's multiple paths to get to
the same out to the same sort of end
goal
um and I I found it super valuable to
talk to people that are one or two years
a step ahead of me uh because I learned
so much just from their learnings and
the things the you know the decisions
that they made and the investment that
they made in themselves
um so I'd say it's you know taken 18
months increments if you know great sort
of identify the best in the space learn
from their experience so you can
identify your own growth Delta and then
start to work on your work on those
skill sets because you don't need to get
the role to start developing the skills
like you don't one of my early managers
said that like you don't need to you
don't need to be a manager to be a
leader and uh that is that is something
that you know I've kept close to my
heart and you know when people ask me
that is 40 of my management team at
lattice was promoted from within
um and
the way I made promotion decisions were
there's three things one consistency and
performance so I cared less about if you
were the number one performer in a
quarter but I cared that you were
hitting quota consistently quarter after
quarter because consistency and
performance is critical in management
it's a marathon and and you have to sort
of pace yourself so the consistency and
performance was key two were they
perceived as a leader on the team uh
because that is so key if others if a
promotion feels like of course we're
gonna promote this person I've done you
know we've done the right decision if
it's I don't see this like how is this
person now my manager that's a Miss of
of perception and we made the wrong call
and then third your ability to adapt
because the role of a top performing AE
is fundamentally very different than one
of a manager because as a manager you're
a coach you have less control but more
accountability and so how do you adapt
to that reality and do you have the do
you want in it enough to to want to do
that so I say those are some of the ways
uh that is some of the advice that I
give folks that are starting early on
and want to want to take the next step
that's awesome
um really really insightful advice again
I think um there's so much process uh
that that is included in
um your guidance there and and all uh uh
try and compliment some of that with
what I say to folks most of the time
these were folks with brex but I would
say like generic advice
um would actually be even before like
these folks had joined brex because they
were in this fortunate position first is
like solve for the quality of company
and not
OTE
um especially earlier in your career uh
and there are some signals that are
helpful in determining the quality of
the business
um one of them would be like the quality
of the investors are there tier one
investors that have put money into this
company uh and again that sort of like
positive signal that the business is
going to uh be successful the second one
is around growth is is the business uh
being successful are they what is their
month over month growth and how does
that compare to the peer set at that
time
um the uh third one is like the the
quality of the founder or Founders and
the team
um and meet with a bunch of companies
establish some sort of Baseline uh for
what you think quality looks like and
join a company that is growing quickly
as amazing investors and you have a lot
of confidence in the leadership team
because joining a business like that
will afford you growth opportunities
within the company and solving for
um sort of like uh uh thousands of
dollars in terms of uh OTE to
potentially sacrifice the quality of the
business is not the trade-off that you
want to make
um and now sort of like moving forward
again this was the most common uh common
question and common conversation that I
had with Folks at rex that met with me
is like sdrs AES sales uh managers
um we preached at the sort of Team level
that you will be evaluated on three
metrics those metrics are performance
number one we've talked about on this
podcast sales is very objective uh and
so make sure that you are performing I
love your uh performing consistently
um uh uh add-on there that the the the
latter two actually require no skill so
performance does require skill
um effort and attitude don't
um anybody can be a hard worker and
anybody can have a really positive
attitude and rub off positively on their
peers and those latter two are even more
critical in leadership position because
the people on your team are going to
emulate your actions and so if you
aren't putting in the effort why would
people that are reporting you put into
the effort and the same thing is true
with your attitude if you have a
negative attitude that's going to rub
off especially on your team as a manager
and so those three things are really
table stakes in terms of qualifying to
become a leader performance effort
attitude two more things that I
mentioned
um is sort of one-on-one with folks when
they ask me how how can I uh progress my
career quickly one is Define your
success by being the best
um Define your success by being number
one on the team and uh it wrecks and you
know it just sort of like
philosophically the advice that I give
to folks is you want 70 of the team over
quota
and so if you're defining your success
by being by being over quota what you're
effectively saying is I'm going to be in
the top 70 percent
and that's not that good
um there's only one number one uh and so
if you define your success by being at
the top of the leaderboard and you
execute on that
um the probability of you being promoted
and sort of earning what you described
which was like when this person is
promoted does it make sense if you
promote the consistent top performer
that makes sense
um and then the the last thing that I'll
mention is
um just never be satisfied with where
you are uh and you can be sort of proud
of your accomplishments that are that
are backward looking but if you are
promoted into that manager role that
you've been working so hard to get to
for the last 18 months the the like last
thing that you want to do is be
satisfied with that promotion and feel
like you've made it that's really the
start of what comes next
um be thinking about from here like what
what am I working towards and do
everything you possibly can to get to
that next level versus sort of being
satisfied with the position that you
have uh uh found yourself in
um dini I'd love to continue I I feel
like uh you and I could go for hours on
this topic alone let alone uh other
things that we could go into but I think
we're approaching the sort of like uh 35
to 40 minute mark this has been such a
blast and thank you so much for joining
in your time uh and I look forward to
staying in touch and seeing you again
soon thank you Sam super fun
[Music]